[Part 3] Update experiment docs: Add to SDK and update FAQ (#6189)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/experiments/common-questions.mdx

---
title: Troubleshooting and FAQs
---

## How do I use an existing feature flag in an experiment?

> We generally don't recommend this, since experiment feature flags need to be in a specific format or otherwise they won't work.

Reviewer: What is the specific format? control/test variants

However, if you insist on doing this (for example, you don't want to make code change), you can do this for **multiple variant feature flags only** by doing the following:

> 1. Delete your existing feature flag in the [PostHog dashboard](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags)

Reviewer: Which one?

2. Create a new experiment and give your feature flag the same key as the feature flag you deleted in step 1.
3. Name the first variant in your new feature flag 'control'.

![Reuse an existing feature flag for an experiment](../../images/features/experiments/reuse-feature-flag-for-experiment.png)

> **Note:** Deleting the flag is equivalent to it being disabled, so it will be off for however long it takes you to create the draft experiment. The flag will be enabled as soon as the experiment is created (not launched).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** Deleting a flag is equivalent to disabling it, so it is off for however long it takes you to create the draft experiment. The flag is enabled as soon as you create the experiment (not launched).
```

## How do I run a second experiment using the same feature flag as the first experiment?

> This is similar to running an experiment using an [exsting feature flag](/docs/experiments/common-questions#how-do-i-use-an-existing-feature-flag-in-an-experiment). If you want to re-run an experiment (using the same feature flag key) while preserving the previous experiment results, delete the existing feature flag (not the experiment) and use the same key in the new experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is similar to running an experiment using an [existing feature flag](/docs/experiments/common-questions#how-do-i-use-an-existing-feature-flag-in-an-experiment). If you want to re-run an experiment (using the same feature flag key) while preserving the previous experiment results, delete the existing feature flag (not the experiment) and use the same key in the new experiment.
```

> ## I want to run experiments in PostHog with my custom feature flag setup, how can I do this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I run experiments with my custom feature flag setup?
```

> See our docs on [how to run an experiment without using PostHog feature flags](http://localhost:8001/docs/experiments/running-experiments-without-feature-flags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our docs on [how to run an experiment without using PostHog feature flags](/docs/experiments/running-experiments-without-feature-flags).
```

## How do I assign a specific person to the control/test variant in an experiment?

> Once you create the experiment, go to the feature flag, scroll down to "Release Conditions". For each condition you'll see an "Optional Override". This allows you to choose a release condition and force all people in this release condition to have the variant chosen in the optional override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you create the experiment, go to the feature flag, scroll down to "Release Conditions". For each condition, there is an "Optional Override". This enables you to choose a release condition and force all people in this release condition to have the variant chosen in the optional override.
```

> ## My "Feature Flag Called" events show responses of "none" or "false" in addition "control" and "test"

Reviewer: Referring to the "Feature Flag Response" property? The event itself doesn't show anything, it's the property.

> The Feature Flag Called event will show "false" for users who called your feature flag but did not match any of the rollout conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the "Feature Flag Called" event, the "Feature Flag Response" property is "false" for users who called your feature flag but did not match any of the rollout conditions.
```

> "none" indicates that feature flag is disabled or failed to load e.g., due to network error, or something unexpected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"none" indicates that feature flag is disabled or failed to load e.g., due to network error or something unexpected.
```

> ## My feature flags are sending a lot of events. How can I manage this?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How can I manage the volume of events my feature flags send?
```

---
title: Troubleshooting and FAQs
---

## How do I use an existing feature flag in an experiment?

We generally don't recommend this, since experiment feature flags need to be in a specific format (see below) or otherwise they won't work.

> However, if you insist on doing this (for example, you don't want to make code change), you can do this for **multiple variant feature flags only** by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you insist on doing this (for example, you don't want to make code change), you can for **multiple variant feature flags only** by doing the following:
```

> 1. Delete the existing feature flag you'd like to use in the experiment from the [PostHog dashboard](https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Delete the existing [feature flag]((https://app.posthog.com/feature_flags) you'd like to use in the experiment
```

2. Create a new experiment and give your feature flag the same key as the feature flag you deleted in step 1.
3. Name the first variant in your new feature flag 'control'.

![Reuse an existing feature flag for an experiment](../../images/features/experiments/reuse-feature-flag-for-experiment.png)

> **Note:** Deleting a flag is equivalent to disabling it, so it is off for however long it takes you to create the draft experiment. The flag is enabled as soon as you create the experiment (not launched).

## How do I run a second experiment using the same feature flag as the first experiment?

> This is similar to running an experiment using an [existing feature flag](/docs/experiments/common-questions#how-do-i-use-an-existing-feature-flag-in-an-experiment). If you want to re-run an experiment (using the same feature flag key) while preserving the previous experiment results, delete the existing feature flag (not the experiment) and use the same key in the new experiment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is similar to running an experiment using an [existing feature flag](#how-do-i-use-an-existing-feature-flag-in-an-experiment). If you want to re-run an experiment (using the same feature flag key) while preserving the previous experiment results, delete the existing feature flag (not the experiment) and use the same key in the new experiment.
```
Since it is the same doc, I think you can do this.

## How can I run experiments with my custom feature flag setup?

> See our docs on [how to run an experiment without using PostHog feature flags](/docs/experiments/running-experiments-without-feature-flags).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our docs on [how to run an experiment without using feature flags](/docs/experiments/running-experiments-without-feature-flags).
```

## How do I assign a specific person to the control/test variant in an experiment?

Once you create the experiment, go to the feature flag, scroll down to "Release Conditions". For each condition, there is an "Optional Override". This enables you to choose a release condition and force all people in this release condition to have the variant chosen in the optional override.

![How to assign an experiment override](../../images/features/experiments/assigning-an-override.mp4)

## The "feature flag response" property shows values of "none" or "false" in addition to "control" and "test"

In the "Feature Flag Called" event, the "Feature Flag Response" property is "false" for users who called your feature flag but did not match any of the rollout conditions.

"none" indicates that feature flag is disabled or failed to load e.g., due to network error or something unexpected.

## How can I manage the volume of events my feature flags send?

> Every library has the option to disable sending these events. Check the relevant docs for the library for the `send_events` parameter in your `posthog.isFeatureEnabled()` or `posthog.getFeatureFlag()` calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every SDK has the option to disable sending these events. Check the [relevant docs for your SDK](/docs/getting-started/install?tab=sdks) for the `send_events` parameter in your `posthog.isFeatureEnabled()` or `posthog.getFeatureFlag()` calls.
```
